{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15180\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Sort unsorted disks 
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Use Case:\ulnone \
Sort unsorted disks into two containers\
\ul Primary Actor:\ulnone \
Machine operator (student or teacher at Tu/e)\
\ul Scope:\ulnone \
A sorting machine\
\ul Brief:\ulnone \
The machine sorts the unsorted disks provided into two separate containers based on colour.\

\i Postconditions:
\i0 \
\'95	There are no unsorted disks left\
\'95	All sorted disks are in a container based on their colour\
\ul Preconditions:\ulnone \
The machine is not already running.\
\ul Triggers:\ulnone \
The user provides unsorted disks and presses the \'93START\'94 button.\
\ul Basic Flow:\ulnone \
1.	\
\ul Extensions:\ulnone \
\
\

\b Abort the process case
\b0 \
The machine should immediately stop doing anything. \
\ul Pre-condition:\ulnone \
The machine is sorting discs.\
\ul Trigger:\ulnone \
The use wants to immediately stop the machine. \
\ul Flow:\ulnone \
The machine stops transporting the discs. And doesn\'92t put anymore discs on the transporting mechanism.  The user is required to remove all discs that are neither in the container unit nor sorted. \
\ul Post-condition:\ulnone \
The machine stopped running.\
\
When the machine is sorting discs and the user wants to immediately stop the machine.  The machine stops transporting the discs. And doesn\'92t put anymore discs on the transporting mechanism.  The user is required to remove all discs that are neither in the container unit nor sorted. Then the machine has stopped running.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Starting the machine
\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Use Case:\ulnone \
Starting the machine\
\ul Primary Actor:\ulnone \
Machine operator\
\ul Scope:\ulnone \
The physical sorting machine\
\ul Level:\ulnone \
Sea level?\
\ul Brief:\ulnone \
The machine operator starts the machine, machine parts go to their initials state and the machine starts sorting. \
\ul Post conditions:\ulnone \
Success Guarantees\
The machine starts the sorting process. \
\ul Preconditions:\ulnone \
The machine is in its initial state. \
\ul Triggers:\ulnone \
The user performs an action on the machine. \
\ul Basic flow:\ulnone \
1.	Machine puts devices in their initials state. \
2.	Machine starts sorting\
\
}